Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. | William B. Sprague
We are twice armed if we fight with faith! | Plato
In this life, to earn you place you must fight for it!
In war there is but one favorable moment; the great art is to seize it! | Napoleon Bonaparte
"Cry 'Havoc' and let slip the dogs of War." | William Shakespeare ("Julius Caesar")
Fight on, brave knights! Man dies, but glory lives! Fight on; death is better than defeat! Fight on brave knights! for bright eyes behold your deeds! | Walter Scott
Where the battle rages, there the measure of the man is proved! | Martin Luther
"It is not big armies that win battles, it is the good ones!" (replace with "warriors") | Marshal Maurice de Saxe ("Mes Reveries")
Its not the size of the dog in the fight, but the size of the fight in the dog
"A bold warrior may be lucky, but no warrior can be lucky unless he is bold." | Field Marshal Archibald Percival Wavell
Winners know when to quit. WHEN THEY WIN
Remember the last guy who quit? EXACTLY. YOU DON'T.
When there is no peril in the fight there is no glory in the triumph. | Pierre Corneille
Life is tough. BE TOUGHER
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste death but once." | William Shakespeare ("Julius Caesar")
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. | Napoleon Hill
You cannot choose your battlefield, God does that for you; But you can plant a standard Where a standard never flew." | Nathalia Crane, The Singing Crow And Other Poems
Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior. | Carl von Clausewitz
If I'm on the ropes I ain’t got time to bleed. | Predator
Nobody makes me bleed my own blood... NOBODY!
Never pick a fight with an ugly person, they have nothing to lose! | Robin Williams
“I know what I'm capable of; I am a soldier now, a warrior. I am someone to fear, not hunt.” | Pittacus Lore, The Rise of Nine
“The blade itself incites to deeds of violence’ | Homer
“Pain was their body's way of telling them that they'd pushed themselves to their limits -- which was exactly where they were supposed to be.” | Richard Marcinko, Rogue Warrior
"These things we do that others may live." | USAF Pararescue
"When cities burn and armies turn and flee in disarray, cowards will cry: 'Tis best to fly, and fight another day'. But warriors know in their marrow, When they die and fall, 'tis best to have fought and lost than not to have fought at all.'" | Anonymous
“Warriors feel pain and fear.. but they never show it and their tears just rolls down as blood.....” | G. Sujenthiran
"People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf." | George Orwell (attributed)
"If a man hasn't discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live." | Martin Luther King, Jr
You can never have too many knives, his father had told him. Unless they're pointed at you, and by people who don't like you much. ” | Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings
“We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged.” | Joe Abercrombie, Before They Are Hanged
“But some things have to be done. It’s better to do them, than to live with the fear of them.” | Joe Abercrombie, The First Law Trilogy
“Every man should lose a battle in his youth, so he does not lose a war when he is old.” | George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows
"A pint of sweat will save a gallon of blood." | General Patton
Tactical "Let your plans be dark and as impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt." | Sun Tzu ("Art of War")
"Kill one, terrify a thousand." | Sun Tzu ("Art of War")
"Battles are won by slaughter and maneuver. The greater the general, the more he contributes in maneuver, the less he demands in slaughter." | Winston Churchill
"I do not fear an army of lions, if they are led by a lamb. "I do fear an army of sheep, if they are led by a lion." | Alexander the Great
“Sometimes it doesn't matter too much what choice you make, as long as you make it quick and stick to it.” | Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings
“Luck is a woman. She's drawn to those that least deserve her.” | Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings
“Rules are for children. This is war, and in war the only crime is to lose.” | Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings
“Always keep your foes confused. If they are never certain who you are or what you want, they cannot know what you are like to do next.” | George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. | Leo Tolstoy
Don't fight a battle if you don't gain anything by winning. | Erwin Rommel
"A good plan executed today is better than a perfect plan executed at some indefinite point in the future." | General George Patton Jr
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.” | Sun Tzu
He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious. | Sun Tzu
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.” | Sun Tzu, The Art of War
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. | Sun Tzu
“There was no such thing as a fair fight. All vulnerabilities must be exploited.” | Cary Caffrey
“A few glasses of wine can be the difference between finding a man a hilarious companion or an insufferable moron.” | Joe Abercrombie, The First Law Trilogy
Bring me a drink that requires a con save!
DO NOT COUNT THESE DAYS! MAKE THIS DAYS COUNT! WHAT SAY YOU!? | Muhammad Ali
Believe you can and you're halfway there. | Theodore Roosevelt
"Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste death but once." | William Shakespeare ("Julius Caesar")
It is never too late to be what you might have been
"I don't know what effect these men will have upon the enemy, but, by God, they terrify me." | Arthur Wellesley, Duke of Wellington ("Dispatch, Aug 1810")
“Whoever has the sword will have the earth.” | Oliver North, Counterfeit Lies
The journey of 1000 miles begins with with one step | Lao Tzu
You must be the change you want to see in the world.
Once you choose hope, anything is possible | Christopher eeve
What you fear most is what needs doing, your day is on the other side of that fear.
"Once more unto the breach dear friends, once more; or close the wall up with our dead!" | Henry V
"They've got us surrounded. The poor bastards" | unnamed medic at the battle of the bulge
"We'll fight them sir! We'll fight them 'till hell freezes over, and then we'll fight them on the ice!" | Confederate officer at Gettysburg
"Aure Entuluva! Day shall come again!" | Hurin at the Nirnaeth Arnoediad
"Up Eorlingas! Fell deeds awake! Fire and Slaughter! Spears shall be shaken! Shields, be splintered! A sword day! A red day! Ere the sun rises!" | Theoden at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
"Ride to ruin and the world's ending!" | Eomer, at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
"Out of doubt, out of dark to the day's rising I came singing in the sun, sword unsheathing. To hope's end I rode and to heart's breaking: Now for wrath, now for ruin and a red nightfall!" | Eomer at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields